hi I'm Tanya welcome to my kitchen today
I'm going to make a Greek pasta salad
let's look at ingredients 1 cup fusilli
1 cup cherry tomato ass cup chopped
cucumbers
I've cup chopped black olives
I've cup chopped red bell pepper 1/2 cup
chopped green pepper 1/2 cup feta cheese
1 tablespoon sun-dried tomato some
parsley let's go start to make this
pasta salad let's go put the pasta ready
cook for about 5 minutes before so the
pasta is al dente now I add the black
hole even the cherry tomato the right
bell pepper in the green pepper the
cucumber sun-dried tomato and the feta
cheese let's combine and label these
ingredients ok now we are going to add
some fresh parsley and some black pepper
let's go mix again ok about the dressing
already made before with the fight tbsp
olive oil 1 tbsp red wine vinegar 1/2
tbsp garlic powder 1/2 TSP oregano 1/2
teaspoon of black pepper and alpha
teaspoon salt
okay let's comb it little burn now we
put on it
let's go mix it with the ingredients at
the pasta I like this kind of pasta
because this is coming with so many
color drained from the cucumbers right
from the Oliver red from the tomato it's
very good okay let's go grab a plate
you know voila let me add a little bit
more parcel in your Greek pasta salad is
ready don't forget to thumbs up my video
and subscribe to my channel for more
great recipe bye bye
you